ni
Some of the insects, like the cicada , become parents when the larva suddenly takes off, and the larva and then the larva
Between the adult and
For example , go through the season of sanagi
There are insects like beetles and flying birds
Here is the point of perfect transformation
It is called a pillar, and the insect which suddenly becomes parent from both sides is called an imperfect metamorphosing insect
I will
In the case of a completely metamorphosed insect, the form is completely different if you look at the larvae and parents
For example, it swallowtail butterfly larvae is the caterpillar
Notebook
The chief has big wings, so what you eat is completely different.
That larva eats leaves and parents suck flower nectar with their eldest daughter
Oh, we learn such things at school or live and become stupid
But in fact it is amazing
Life is more than fresh
As you think, it is a completely metamorphosing insect that has two, a completely different larval world and a parent world
is not it
so
Insects of incomplete metamorphosis, that is, insects in the parent without going through the pessimism of moths, are in the seminar or in the ground
Live
And I think the shape has changed a lot because it becomes a semi to solve the sky
But food basically it is the same that larvae sucking the juice from yesterday roots seed from parent yesterday stem
I'm hunting so I look very similar when I look at the face part
Dragonfly is also an incomplete metamorphosing insect and is a pound of
If you look at the food, it is quite different
Yago catches and eats insects after all Catching and eating insects in the water and Aihara
And
Now it is flying in the outside and become a parent
9 small that the Betaiu that used the insects look is it then Battaran I'm the same
When
Whether it is the luxury of Batam incomplete metamorphosis doing Well larvae, etc. there is a feather It is almost the same
About whether or not there
In such a manner , the insects of incomplete transformation are those of the Middle East and the
It is distinguished by the painter if there is not you wings similar internal medicine
That kind of is life when you observe the do You're insects are even insects like such a batter
is not it
I think it's amazing to say that you look at it once
Shake in case of butterfly or beetle
If you were a multimillionaire I I think that How about when I bought yourself reflected
If you catch a larva and feed it , you will see more and more coordination
Can you
And I think it would be better to find that little four elbows as much as possible to the larva of the government office building
Good thing
It's there are the center of the enemy to say that regulation times or the regulations standing in the larvae
In fact, there is a lot of chance to find eggs, and I intend to raise them in common
8 Well also because is not I a word Tteyuu came out of it as well and become one of the good experience
I think so
a
I think that if this is it maybe fun to try to buy the larvae of the butterfly butterfly